manual: language: Explain that `with` does not shadow (#10620)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/index.md

  </td>
  <td>

>    [String interpolation](@docroot@/language/string-interpolation.md) (expands to `"hello world"`, `"1 2 3"`, `"/nix/store/<hash>-bash-<version>/bin/sh"`)

Reviewer: same

  </td>
  <td>

   Add all attributes from the given set to the scope (evaluates to `1`).

>    **Warning:**
>    In contrast to `inherit`, does not shadow existing variables with the same name!
>    Existing outer variables get precedence over variables coming from `with`. Example:
>    ```
>    let
>      a = "outer";
>      attrs = { a = "inner"; b = 3; };
>    in
>      with attrs; [ a b ]
>    ```
>    Evaluates to `[ "outer" 3 ]`.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
   **Warning:**
   In contrast to `inherit`, `with` does not shadow existing variables with the same name!
   Outer variables not declared in `with` get precedence over variables coming from `with`.
   ```nix
   let
     a = "outer";
     attrs = { a = "inner"; b = 3; };
   in
     with attrs; [ a b ]
   ```
   Evaluates to `[ "outer" 3 ]`.

   Variables coming from outer `with` expressions *are* shadowed:
   ```nix
   with { a = "outer"; };
   with { a = "inner"; };
   a
   ```
   Does evaluate to `"inner"`.
````

  </td>
  <td>

   Add all attributes from the given set to the scope (evaluates to `1`).

   **Warning:**

>    In contrast to `inherit`, `with` does not shadow existing variables with the same name!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   In contrast to regular bindings (created with `=` or the `inherit` shorthand),
   `with` does not always shadow existing variables with the same name!
```

Author: Discarding, as I removed the whole section and linked to the existing one instead.
